if you the viewer were trapped in a
snowy universe after the
end of a zombie apocalypse would you
know how to survive
and it's not just surviving the winter
but the monsters that hide within
in this video i'm going to be breaking
down the 2015 film extinction and trying
to help the characters
fix their mistakes and ultimately beat
the frost reapers from
extinction our movie starts off showing
us an envoy of two school buses and
their military escorts
inside we can see people from all walks
of life and they all appear to be
civilians
and they're definitely refugees from the
zombie apocalypse that's currently going
on
on this bus there's four notable
characters jack and patrick who are
friends and there's a girl named emma
who is jack's wife
they also have a little kid named lou
right before the two buses reached the
safe zone the bus in the front suddenly
takes the brakes and stops
everyone in the second bus is obviously
very confused and since they were
already stressed out tensions are high
tensions only increase after this
machine gun fire in the bus in front of
them you'd think people would pick up
that because of the machine gun fire
there's definitely
a zombie in the first car however the
military official here is too [ __ ]
stupid to realize that
and he gets out of the bus to go look at
the other bus
in my personal opinion if someone is
opening fire into a group of civilians
there's something a lot worse than
harming civilians in the bus
meaning there's definitely a zombie
there what this shoulder should have
done is instructed the second bus to go
around the first bus
and then make it to the safe zone
leaving everyone in the first bus behind
and for good measure you could use the
military humvee and spray the first bus
full of bullets to make sure the zombie
doesn't get out
however the soldier obviously doesn't do
this not only does he go outside he goes
outside holding a signal flare basically
advertising to all the zombies that
their next meal is right here
and after he goes near the bus he
suddenly disappears and the other
soldiers cannot get in contact with him
they look outside and they see that the
signal flare is now on the floor meaning
that captain for some unknown reason
might have dropped the signal flare
it might be that he was getting eaten or
that he just went and go get a burger
and took a break so a second soldier
decides he wants to open the door and
get off the bus to go look for the
captain
obviously the captain made one mistake
and this soldier is going to make
another one by following him this is
obviously a mistake the soldier should
have stayed on the bus and told the bus
driver to reroute it to go to the safe
zone rather than go outside and look for
a dead person
once a soldier steps outside he's
attacked by a zombie causing him to
accidentally pull the trigger of his gun
and kill the bus driver
and zombies start flooding into the bus
luckily for everyone inside the bus
a character named jack is able to push
the zombies back
out the exit and close the door meaning
they're temporarily safe
the group then devised a plan to go
outside and pick up guns from the dead
soldiers
but this doesn't make any sense why risk
going outside during a [ __ ] zombie
apocalypse
when the keys to the bus are literally
still in and the driver is dead
just throw his body onto the [ __ ]
floor and drive away instead what the
characters do is they do go outside to
try to grab the guns which they are
successful in getting however the
soldier they're getting the gun off of
reanimates and at the same time a zombie
horde approaches and starts attacking
the bus
towards the end of the attack emma who
is jack's wife is able to save the baby
however she ends up getting bitten as a
result and jack has no choice but to put
a bullet into her head before she can
turn into a zombie
what they didn't think of is they could
have found a pocket knife or any sort of
sharp instrument and simply sold her
hand off
that way the infection would not spread
to her body maybe giving her a chance to
live and if she turns anyways then you
can just shoot her there
our movie then cuts to distant future
where we see a man with a sniper rifle
take aim and shoot a horse then he walks
through the snow-covered landscape and
picks up his kill
and it turns out that this bearded man
is jack we could see to adapt to his new
environment
jack now uses a snowmobile to travel
around the snowy area
since this is in the future we could see
the little baby that emma managed to
save named lou
is now much older and she's living with
patrick despite being jack's kid this is
because after emma died jack got all
depressed and became a severe alcoholic
and we could see that jack and patrick
don't get along very well since they
don't talk they live in separate houses
and they're separated by a large fence
patrick and lou are spending their days
learning photosynthesis instead they
should be learning how to forage or grow
their own food
education is really [ __ ] useless if
the entire society collapsed the movie
then introduces us to the food situation
of both families
patrick and lou are definitely running
out of food because they can only eat
preserved food since patrick is a
useless [ __ ] that doesn't know how to
hunt
meanwhile jack is grilling some
delicious horse steak
because he can hunt and knows how to
gather food himself in this new climate
it's basically impossible to grow food
so hunting for birds or other sort of
wildlife is your only way of gaining a
sustainable food source
so patrick should have been asking jack
for help this entire time on how to hunt
it turns out that during this time
period jack has also adopted a dog
although a dog will consume extra food
and might attract some unwanted
attention i do think having a dog is a
good thing
we all know during kova 19 isolation
makes you [ __ ] depressed so having a
dog will certainly help out jack who's
staying alone at all times
we also learned that jack has been
broadcasting on the radio to find other
survivors and give them information
i do not think this is a good idea
because number one running the
electricity will use up gasoline from
the generator
and you might accidentally find some bad
people who are looking to harm you
the next morning patrick wakes up and
finds that lou isn't next to him anymore
so he runs downstairs in a panic it
turns out she's just making
cereal with water holy [ __ ] that's kind
of depressing
patrick and lou do a lot of random [ __ ]
throughout the day everything from
trying to memorize the timetables to
target practicing with firearms however
that night lou looks out the window and
she sees a very weird zombie-like
creature digging in the ground
the next morning lou is once again gone
from patrick's bedside for the second
time in a row however this time she's
not getting watered down cereal
she's later found hiding under her bed
because she was scared of the monster
she saw last night
the dad shrugs it off as just random
nightmares and says the monsters don't
exist anymore since they all died from
the cold
this is a very idiotic thing to say
because you haven't ventured out of your
house or the nearby area in the past
months meaning you have no idea what's
going on in the outside world
so it's very possible that a monster
could have made it back he should have
investigated his daughter's claims more
seriously
if you look around the house you can see
there's a lot of vulnerabilities mainly
the windows are not boarded up and
there's not even blinds on them
even if it's not a zombie trying to
break in you're still going to want to
board those up in case marauders or
bandits try to break in
later lou once again goes outside to
visit the dog however this time patrick
follows and sees she's [ __ ] around
with dog and talking to jack so he gets
really pissed off at the dog and aims a
gun at it
and an intense conversation ensues
however nothing extreme happens
jack then takes a snowmobile to the
nearby city where he visits a
supermarket that's actually extremely
well stocked
he grabs some food and water for himself
and he grabs a stuffed animal for lou
it seems he wants to reconnect with her
because he feels guilty that he's been
absent her entire life
before he can think very deeply about it
his doc notices the fox that was inside
the mall with them
suddenly got killed by something
suddenly a giant frost zombie jumps up
above them and starts chasing
jack and the dog so they have to run
away as fast as they can
and when it comes to running away here's
one tip don't look behind you because it
could throw off your balance and slow
you down and in this case if you slow
down you're probably gonna get caught
and eaten
good thing jack and his dog are not
caught and they're able to close the
door that traps the monster inside the
supermarket
jack and the dog are able to get on the
snowmobile and ride back to the house
however they're still being pursued by
the monster my only question is how fast
is this [ __ ] zombie
because i did some research and most
snowmobiles can go upwards of 100 miles
per hour at least
meaning that this thing must be running
fast as [ __ ] to be catching up
and ifik is running that fast why didn't
it just catch up to jack inside the
supermarket
jack turns around to look where the
monster is but because of that he runs
over a log which causes a snowmobile to
flip over
and when he comes to the zombie is
hovering right above his face
the only reason that jack is not dead is
because these zombies adapted to lose
their eyesight and hunt with enhanced
hearing because of the snow on the
ground
i don't know about you this sounds a
little bit like another movie that i've
watched but this movie actually came out
first
of course jack doesn't actually know
this information but if you did figure
out that he wasn't going to kill you
unless you made some noise i would just
lay still
until he left he would leave eventually
but jack knows he can't just lay still
because patrick and lou are practicing
shooting their firearms which would
definitely attract the zombie there
jack is almost killed by the monster but
then his dog comes in the last second
distracting it long enough for jack to
grab a shotgun and shoot it
unfortunately because of the dog's
heroic sacrifice the dog is killed
jack full of the feelings of revenge
decides he wants to go hunt the
creatures because they killed his wife
and now his dog
so when patrick walks out late at night
he's shocked to see one of the creature
things chained up in the middle of his
backyard
this is because jack caught it and
brought it back but rather than killing
it he decided to chain it up
i think this is a very bad idea because
it's obvious that these creatures hunt
through
sound and if you have one of them
screaming in the middle of your [ __ ]
backyard
it's obvious that it's gonna attract
other creatures plus what are you gonna
do with it you don't have resources to
study it or anything
blue steps outside of the house and
because all three of them are in the
same place jack is invited to a family
dinner so for the first time he takes a
bath and shaves
jack shows up at the house with a fresh
set of his horse steaks which is much
better than the canned beans that
patrick and lou have been eating
the three all sit down and have dinner
together and they all seem to be having
a really rad
time the group decides that their best
option is to head somewhere else so they
fix up an old truck and finally get it
running
jack broadcast this on the radio asking
if anyone wants to join them personally
i would not ask for anyone to join them
because that's just an invitation for
someone to come and steal your truck
luckily for the group no bandits or evil
people heard the broadcast
only a pregnant lady that came to join
them however i personally would not take
the pregnant lady into the group
not only is childbirth probably gonna
[ __ ] kill her it's just extra mouths
to feed and she can't even work because
she's pregnant
rather than continuing on by the truck
they realize the woman's pregnant so
they hunker down for a little bit back
at the two houses
the woman reveals that there's a horde
of infected on their way there and they
already took out her group which is why
she was alone
then the woman hears the screaming of
the captured creature outside so she
goes and executes it with a gun
this was a seemingly good idea because
the woman knows that that creature will
attract other creatures with the
screeches
but what she doesn't realize is she
could have just used a knife and did it
quietly the gunshot will now attract
more creatures to the area
they hear howling in the distance and
they know there's other creatures coming
to their location
so everyone grabs their firearms and
just starts walking around
i don't understand why they have to walk
around and why they can't just sit on
the couch and stay quiet because if they
just didn't make any noise the creature
would ignore them and keep walking
because remember these creatures are
completely blind another mistake that
this group makes is not fortifying ahead
of time
in fact they don't start putting
furniture against windows and doors
until the creatures start actively
attacking they should have done all this
barricading way ahead of time of course
with this lack of preparation the group
quickly gets overwhelmed as a bunch of
the ghouls get inside really quickly
however these ghouls aren't actually
great at fighting mainly because they
can't [ __ ] see
i guess the pregnant lady is at least
somewhat useful because she's smart
enough to at least turn on the radio and
play loud music so all the ghouls get
randomly scattered and can't think
properly because of the loud noises
because these ghouls can now no longer
hear the three adults start having a
heyday killing them in all sorts of ways
everything from a nail gun to stabbing
with a piece of glass
however the electricity runs out on the
record player and the group realized
they might be [ __ ] that is until jack
offers to sacrifice himself by running
outside of the signal flare and shooting
and yelling with his shotgun
while patrick the pregnant lady in lou
would have gotten in the truck and
driven away to safety so what are the
ways jack could have made it out without
him having to sacrifice himself
the first method is when the zombies are
listening to the tick talker's ship
music and unable to move because it's
too cringe the group should have ran
away into the truck and left
when they stopped to kill the creatures
it wasted all their time they had to
escape
the second solution is they should have
left their house earlier when the
creatures were coming they still had
plenty of time to get in the truck and
leave rather than spend time talking
about past life and doing absolutely
nothing
however since they don't do this jack
uses a signal flare to blow up the local
gasoline tank taking all the creatures
with him as the other three survivors
drive away in their truck
and at the very end of the movie we're
left with the three survivors staring
into a blissful sunrise
and that's it that's how you can beat
the frost reapers from the movie
extinction if you like this video feel
free to subscribe and hit that thumbs up
button as well as leave a comment on
what movie you want to be done next
and as usual thank you all for the
amazing support we've been growing a lot
recently so i want to keep up the growth
thank you everybody and have a great
rest of your day